Hello?
Is this Aeguk Newspaper?
And you're Han Mu Young?
(Episode 29)
Yes, that's me.
Your voice is very lively. You must be very confident about your life.
Well, your voice is very resonant. I guess you must have been alive.
Chief Director, look at the camera number three.
Nam Kang Myung just showed up at Dongdaemun Gang's private vault.
What?
Hey, but this is Nam Kang Myung, right?
Turn around and show your face. Come on, scumbag. Turn around!
Hold on.
Nam Kang Myung is spotted.
Dongdaemun Gang's private vault, 120 Chungmuro 4-ga.
(Dongdaemun Gang's private vault, 120 Chungmuro 4-ga.)
You all checked your messages, right? Let's move.
You haven't located him yet?
Did you talk to all of his people?
If people find out that he's alive, it'll put a lot of people in a bind.
Ask the elders for their opinions.
Worst case scenario, we might have to make the ultimate decision.
He left the hospital.
The phone was delivered as you instructed.
Delete my number.
And make sure you clean up before the investigation squad comes.
(Nam Kang Myung is spotted at Dongdaemun Gang's private vault.)
I got the message. Nam Kang Myung showed up.
I'll join the chase soon, but Yoo Kyung, I want you to...
Suk Min.
We were right.
I'm at the hospital that Director Gu's wife is hospitalized in.
But the name on her medical chart is different.
How is this even possible?
What?
I see that you're not someone to mess around with.
But I'm not an easy man.
You're not on my level.
Look.
We've never even met. You can't threaten me like this.
Why don't we talk face-to-face?
Nam Kang Myung,
I guess you're ready to come out of your casket.
(Mu Young)
(Dongdaemun Gang Private Vault)
(Chief Director Yang Dong Shik)
Hey, the prosecution is on their way there.
But we don't have Nam Kang Myung's face on camera yet.
We need evidence to write an article.
Try to buy us some time.
Okay.
I'm fine with meeting you. But let me ask you one thing.
Why are you so obsessed with me? Ever since Port Gung Pyung.
Don't provoke him.
Try your best to listen to what he has to say.
Did anyone in your family invest their money in my company?
Or are you doing this because you need money?
Don't tell me...
you're doing this because...
you want to get a scoop rather than get money.
I don't know.
It seems like you only accessed half of my private vaults.
Fine.
I'll give you a big lump of money.
So give me my keys back.
It's a pretty nice deal.
No one will get harmed, and you'll be earning money.
Okay? So just give me back my keys.
That's weird.
You lost money, but you're looking for your keys first.
Do you think I'm doing this because I want money?
That guy who died instead of you at Port Gung Pyung...
had a tattoo on his wrist.
I want to know about that tattoo.
What?
"Tattoo"?
Let's see.
Mu Young, he must be getting agitated.
He's moving.
He moved.
He's moving around.
- Yes!
- Nice!
My gosh.
I'm sorry,
but I really don't...
understand what you're talking about right now.
Mu Young, don't fall for this.
We have his face on camera, so just buy us some time.
No.
Your rubbish isn't going to work on me,
so answer me properly.
Hey, I told you not to provoke him!
The guy who saved you at Port Gung Pyung...
also had that tattoo on his wrist.
They both had the exact same tattoo on their wrists.
How are you going to explain that?
I told you already. I don't know.
The same image was engraved in the front door of Faith Center.
And you were smiling in front of that door.
I even have a photo. Are you going to keep lying?
My gosh, I'm impressed by this country's media jackals.
But you need to know when to stop writing a novel.
But what are you going to do?
I'm not the only one who knows about that tattoo.
Do you remember...
Seo Hae Young?
You seemed pretty friendly in the photo, so I'm sure you know her.
You better not pretend like you don't know her again.
Do you know...
what happened to her?
She was buried behind a wall.
Without knowing why,
she was buried behind that dark wall...
for many years.
So tell me.
Tell me what happened there...
and why she had to die.
I can give you back your money and keys.
So answer my question first.
Did you say she got buried without knowing why?
Hey.
Stop talking nonsense.
She knew why.
She already knew that she'd end up like that...
if she...
talked about stuff she shouldn't have.
What?
My goodness. You should've seen her beg.
"Please don't kill me."
"I did it out of pity."
"I felt sorry for the kids."
What did you just say?
No, no.
That shouldn't be your question right now.
"How can I prevent myself from ending up like Seo Hae Young?"
That should've been your question.
You crazy jerk.
But...
you're asking a lot of questions. So I'm guessing...
you're recording me right now.
I'm sure you're quite experienced, so I'm not all that surprised.
But the problem is,
I don't think...
you'll be satisfied with just recording my voice.
Of course not. We even have your face on tape, you punk.
But why is he searching that area?
Get lost. Get lost!
What if he finds our camera?
Don't jinx it.
It's going to take the prosecution some time to get there.
Let's see.
My gosh.
You must've been spying on me...
like a little rat.
I can't just let go of this.
Hey.
You better call your family, friends, and lover...
and tell them that you'll meet them in your next life.
Mr. Nam Kang Myung.
Listen to me carefully.
I'm the one who has all your money and the keys to your vaults.
If you do anything funny, you'll end up losing everything.
Fine, go ahead.
Let's see who'll end up regretting more.
I think it's my turn...
to take everything from you.
Just wait a little bit.
We'll be seeing each other soon.
Okay? Okay?
Chief Director Yang.
He's probably going to send his men to our office, so be prepared.
And tell the investigation squad...
to carry on with the plan.
Sir.
You're going to go to this prosecutor...
instead of going to Aeguk Newspaper?
Nam Kang Myung isn't dead!
("Prosecutor Kwon Purposely Held Back the Investigation Squad")
I'm sure he's still alive.
Don't you think they both know each other?
I'm sure the police are going to be waiting for us...
if we go to their office.
In this kind of situation,
you need to aim for the back of his head.
We need to aim for the back of Han Mu Young's head.
(Inspector Park)
(5 Missed Calls)
Hey, it's me. I need to borrow some men.
The target is a prosecutor,
so I need men who don't have a social security numbers.
You know, the reckless ones who came from China.
Yes. Give me 4 to 5 men.
(Incheon Gang, Mr. Park)
(Gaebong Road)
20 years ago,
they didn't get to finish a project at Faith Center.
They're planning to give that another try.
Faith Center?
Nam Kang Myung smuggled something in...
from North Korea.
He said he will hand it over after the surgery.
Haven't you heard from the elders yet?
The police even have a witness now. Are you trying to get killed?
I'm sure the hidden item can't be somewhere far away.
It's safer to get rid of it...
than to have our plan get revealed.
Excuse me.
(Daehan Newspaper)
(Chief Prosecutor Im)
Chief Prosecutor Im.
Send the police his location, and ask them to arrest him.
That's right. We'll be able to get past the crisis...
as soon as we catch Nam Kang Myung and put strains on Cho Young Ki.
What on earth is going on now?
Goodness, this is driving me crazy.
He wanted me to turn Nam Kang Myung into a dead man,
but now, he wants me to catch him?
I don't have a good feeling about this.
For goodness' sake.
Is this the police?
I'd like to make a report.
Didn't you hear him make a call?
Where is he going?
I only know that he's going to Incheon,
but I remember the plate number clearly.
It's 32G 2611.
Ma'am, we found him.
We have a tip that someone saw Nam Kang Myung.
I have his current location.
Who is closest to his location right now?
Mu Young, there has been a witness.
The license plate number for his vehicle is 32G 2611.
We have located where he is now,
but it looks like he's not coming to our office.
The place he was last seen was Songnae Intersection.
Songnae Intersection?
From Gaebong-dong to Songnae Intersection...
Isn't he heading to Incheon?
Incheon Prosecutors' Office.
He's going to Incheon Prosecutors' Office right now.
What?
(Prosecutor Kwon So Ra)
(Chief Prosecutor Cha Yeon Su)
Yes, ma'am.
Nam Kang Myung is heading to Incheon Prosecutors' Office now.
You're closest to where he is right now. So start moving.
I'll send you his location.
He's supposed to be in a 100m radius from here.
Nam Kang Myung.
Where are you?
(32G 2611)
Darn it.
A wanted vehicle is fleeing.
It's 32G 2611. I repeat, it's 32G 2611.
He has entered the local area.
What's his problem?
Shoot.
Have they come to a decision now?
Okay, let's get to it right away.
That's his fate. What can we do about that?
Start hacking the system, and don't leave a trace.
The serial code...
is 4, 19, 6, E, 9, A.
That jerk.
You...
Hold on.
How did they know where I was?
Someone must have reported it.
But how did they know where I was?
A GPS tracking device.
It was the GPS tracking device.
Did the elders plant this?
This is an external transmitter that manages the artificial heart.
I can remotely adjust it.
I will check the condition of the heart regularly.
You'll check on my heart as you please?
It's a necessary device while living out of Korea.
Don't worry.
Nam Kang Myung.
Wake up.
Hey!
The men with the tattoos...
are a part of the project.
The project...
The money you stole...
Hey.
No, hey. Nam Kang Myung.
Nam Kang Myung.
Hey, Nam Kang Myung!
Wake up!
Nam Kang Myung. Nam Kang Myung!
What happened?
Why?
Why do these things keep happening right before my eyes? Why?
No.
There are so many things I need to find out. Why is this happening?
What's going on?
What happened?
He's dead.
What do you mean he's dead?
That's unfortunate.
Since it's been revealed that he had been alive,
the information about his hideout will be exposed as well.
Observe how this plays out.
Of course. I already made arrangements,
but there are always variables.
Yes.
The phone call lasted quite long.
Should we wrap up what we were discussing before?
Sure. We should.
Yes, I heard.
He died while fleeing.
But we were supposed to catch him when he mentioned about Director Gu.
That's how we could've cut a deal.
With his death, there isn't a way to save our team.
I'll handle that. You don't have to worry about that.
Did you find anything useful there?
Five days before Chul Ho was murdered,
he visited this volunteer center.
But he apparently asked the same thing we did.
He asked for Faith Center's contact number.
But it was already long after it got damaged by the fire,
so the center couldn't provide him with any information.
Does that mean he left with nothing?
No. He came back later on and took the contact number of...
the photographer who took Nam Kang Myung and Seo Hae Young's photo.
The volunteer center had hired him, so they had his contact number.
"Photographer"?
(Donghwa Photo Studio)
(Boram Lunchbox's Yearly Ledger)
- You heard the news, right?
- Yes.
Wait.
Director Gu's wife also has a heart disease.
I'm not sure if it's a good idea to barge in like this.
She's not a kid.
If she got treated by abusing her husband's power,
she should get criticized.
But she seemed like she didn't know anything about her husband.
She's sick.
Plus, we know her.
I saw Noah's Cho Young Ki...
going into Director Gu's office earlier.
I'm sure Cho Young Ki's the culprit behind this incident.
He was the first one to hear that Nam Kang Myung had disappeared.
Then did you hear what they talked about?
"Bring him to me before the elders find out."
"The elders"? Who are they?
I don't know.
I should start looking into it.
If we give up right now,
we never know when these clues might disappear.
These people are experts in making the real evidence...
lose their power and become useless.
Director Gu...
might find out that we're after him.
Even so...
Even if he finds out...
Let's go.
It's been a while.
Do you remember me?
("Bruised-up Boy's Cause of Death is in Question")
(Journalist Gu Tae Won)
My gosh, I don't understand what this is about.
"Faith Center"?
"Sahae Foundation"? I don't know anything about this.
I've never heard of this.
What a load of nonsense.
I'm staying in this hospital right now.
What do you mean it's not under my name?
People who wish to hide the fact that they got surgery...
normally use someone else's name.
Or...
you could've received surgery by using power.
But I have absolutely nothing to hide.
But how is it possible for me...
to receive a heart transplant again...
when some people...
never even get to receive it once?
This...
doesn't make sense.
Don't you agree?
Six years ago, when you received your first heart transplant,
were you on top of the waiting list?
Then have you never wondered...
how your turn could've come back so quickly?
I know you didn't know anything.
I also know that Director Gu didn't tell you anything either.
But the reason we're telling you this right now...
is because...
an article about Director Gu's misdeeds will be published soon.
- What?
- And if no evidence gets found,
we're going to talk about your medical treatment.
It will be a long, nasty fight.
But I'm sure you don't want things to turn out that way.
You should leave. I have nothing to say to you.
I know it'll be hard, but...
I said, you should leave. I don't have anything to say to you.
Do you remember...
Han Chul Ho, who died five years ago?
He got killed while trying to reveal something.
And your husband is the one who covered up his death...
as an accidental happening.
Chul Ho's younger brother...
spent the last five years trying to find his brother's murderer.
Shouldn't we tell him...
the truth?
Please give us the facts.
Tell us what happened.
Director Gu...
won't ever be able to escape from this by himself.
(Husband)
All right.
We're going to discuss with the prosecution on when...
we should release the article about Nam Kang Myung.
But the Splash Team...
and Prosecutor Kwon are still in trouble.
We should've gotten some information from Nam Kang Myung...
in order to save them from losing their jobs.
Who knew that he'd die like that?
Mu Young, is there really no other way?
I don't know.
They said they're going to do their best.
I'm sure things won't end so easily.
Let's trust that things will go well.
- Please tell us again.
- We heard that...
What's this?
Take a photo of this.
Did this man ever visit the hospital?
I don't know.
This is Director Gu of Daehan Newspaper.
Did he ever come here?
I don't know.
Was it Director Gu?
He was the one who helped Nam Kang Myung?
How interesting.
This is so ridiculous.
Let's go.
So how much do you know about Gu Tae Won?
Do you have any evidence?
No.
I just know that he gave orders to fabricate articles.
But Splash Team is looking for evidence right now.
They're going to write an article about him as soon as they find one.
It makes sense.
If we act too hastily, we will end up the ones in trouble.
My gosh. But who will be able to attack...
the head of Daehan Newspaper?
That's why...
I'd like to ask you for a favor,
since I'm restricted from doing what I want right now.
- Let's take a coffee break.
- Okay.
(The Director's Office)
"Hacking"?
"Hacking".
What's he trying to hack?
(Chief Prosecutor Cha)
Chief Prosecutor Cha.
Is this really all you found in Nam Kang Myung's hospital room?
Someone had already cleaned up.
The CCTV footages were all gone,
and no one would testify anything clearly.
By the way,
I have a question for you.
Yes?
Do you know what...
Cho Young Ki's father used to do?
His father?
Did you say she got buried without knowing why?
Hey.
Stop talking nonsense.
She knew why.
She already knew that she'd end up like that...
if she...
talked about stuff she shouldn't have.
Seo Hae Young was Faith Center's whistle blower.
She got murdered because someone found out about that.
And the guy who accidentally picked up the knife...
I know everything.
They are...
It was Park Eung Mo.
What in the world happened at Faith Center?
What did they have to hide...
that made them kill so many people?
The men with the tattoos...
are a part of the project.
So you're a part of the project?
But who planned this project?
(Episode 30 will air shortly.)
(Episode 30)
We'll begin the disciplinary hearing for Prosecutor Kwon So Ra...
of Violent Crimes Unit One, Incheon Prosecutors' Office.
Prosecutor Kwon So Ra,
we'll give you a chance to vindicate your actions. You may begin.
I...
admit my wrongdoings.
However, I'd make the same decision...
if I find myself in the same situation once again.
I don't know...
since when...
did the prosecutorial right became a weapon that hurts its citizens...
and why betraying the weak...
has become the norm.
Don't you agree,
Prosecutor Im Ji Tae?
Prosecutor Im, make your statement.
You're involved in this incident just as much.
All right.
This happened under my watch.
I have no excuses.
However, the prosecution lost all its trust from the public.
Not aiding a suspect because of a personal grudge against him.
She may be innocent in the eyes of the law,
but I believe she must be guilty...
in the eyes of our citizens.
Sir.
Don't you think we should never make a mistake of hiring...
someone as unethical as she is, ever again?
Do you have evidence?
- What are you talking about?
- The evidence that...
I'm unethical.
You're saying you haven't heard the recording the whole country heard?
The recording file Splash Team and you buried together.
Sir, I think the subject of this disciplinary hearing...
seems to have forgotten her wrongdoings.
May I play the recording?
Yes, you may.
Please.
Let's wait 10 minutes before we go.
That man is still smiling after committing that many crimes.
What can we do to ease their pain?
10 minutes.
I don't think that's such a long time.
You heard it, right? Did everyone hear the recording?
You. Answer me.
What is this if not the evidence of your lack of morality?
Lieutenant Jeon, how does it feel to kill a person?
I bet you feel the world is ending and you don't want to live anymore.
Hold on. What is this?
This isn't the file.
Let's hear what this is. Keep playing.
Well, should I make it disappear? What do you think?
But why don't we do this?
I'll be the alligator, and you'll be the plover bird.
I can't bring back a dead person. Whoever is left ought to live...
Wait. This is all a lie.
This recording is fabricated.
I'd like to ask for your cooperation.
I'll carry out the arrest warrant for Chief Prosecutor Im Ji Tae.
Chief Prosecutor Cha.
What are you doing?
On what grounds?
This is the memory card I found from late Lieutenant Jeon's desk.
In addition to this recording,
there are 3 videos and the call history for the past 2 years...
are saved on this card.
Mr. Im Ji Tae,
you're under arrest for dereliction of duty and abuse of your authority.
What did you just say?
You have the right to an attorney. Anything you say can and will be...
Inspector Park!
Why did you do it,
sir?
Let's go.
Don't touch me.
The detective who reported regarding Lieutenant Jeon's murder.
Is this the detective?
In the recording file,
his name came up quite frequently.
You're making a mistake.
Let's go.
Why are you doing this to me?
I need to brief you about something.
Nam Kang Myung, who was believed to be dead six years ago,
had been alive.
He was alive up until last night.
This is the article that will printed in Aeguk Newspaper tomorrow.
("Exclusive, Nam Kang Myung Was Certainly Alive")
What nonsense...
Since it was such an important matter,
I came to a decision of forming a joint investigation team...
to go against the factions who protected Nam Kang Myung.
And it is our opinion that we need Prosecutor Kwon So Ra...
who played a major role in catching Nam Kang Myung.
(Director Gu Tae Won)
- Yes.
- Let's talk.
Is there anything left for us to discuss?
Check the surveillance camera in front of your office.
That will answer your question.
I asked to meet with you to ask a few questions.
You dragged me here for negotiations with your illegally taped recording.
But you only have a few questions to ask me?
I have a scoop.
Nam Kang Myung had been alive all along.
Right before he died around 10:40pm last night.
I must ask,
were you really unaware of this?
I didn't know.
Attorney Cho Young Ki with whom you had a private conversation...
said something else.
I didn't know.
Your story isn't consistent with the recording of a stowaway you gave us.
Every tip can't be true.
Did you not trust the informant?
Then did you trust Han Chul Ho?
Six years ago,
it was Chul Ho who made everyone believe Nam Kang Myung was dead.
The article persuaded the public.
Since you didn't trust the informant, but you trusted Chul Ho,
I bet you thought Nam Kang Myung was dead, am I right?
The team leader ought to trust the team's members.
You're incompetent.
I can't believe you trusted a journalist like Chul Ho.
- What?
- We've confirmed that...
Chul Ho wrote at least two fabricated articles.
The article that framed Yoon Seon Woo as the murderer.
The article that made Nam Kang Myung a dead man.
Did you already know...
that Chul Ho wrote fabricated articles?
No.
Had I known, I would have taken care of it then.
If you didn't know, that makes you an even more incompetent leader.
Are you going to choose that road?
There's nothing I can do about it.
I didn't know before the scandal regarding Yoon Seon Woo.
Admitting it was fabricated wouldn't have done any good.
I kept my silence for the sake of the company.
That's odd.
I had to pay...
for a false report for five years because it happened under my watch.
But you, sir,
are not taking responsibility for this.
It was a mistake only one journalist made.
It was impossible for me to find out...
what Chul Ho was plotting under my watch.
"I trust Chul Ho."
"The team leader ought to trust the team's members."
This is what you told me just now.
It hasn't even been a minute...
since you said this, but you're already criticizing him.
Did you always believe in others without any basis,
and abandon them once things don't work out?
Or...
is there a reason you have to say that all you did was trust Chul Ho?
What do you want?
The Splash Team will not disappear.
I will also keep my place.
Jang Hak Su, who published a false article on me and Kwon So Ra,
will have to print a correction on the Seoul Post.
Then...
this audio file...
won't be revealed to the world.
Why do you think I'll agree to that deal?
Because you came here.
You supposedly didn't know that Nam Kang Myung was alive.
There's no way you could know what Cho Young Ki said.
There's no way...
you could know the contents of this audio file.
But with just one call,
you came all the way here.
And you're calling this table...
the negotiation table.
If you want it that bad,
I can negotiate with you.
That's the duty of a junior employee.
Goodness.
Sorry to interrupt you. We didn't know you were here.
They heard about the scoop on Nam Kang Myung.
They wanted a look around. I'm sorry.
But what were you two talking about?
I'm the same.
I came here to congratulate him on the scoop.
Do we have to break up the team?
Well,
the company will have to protect it.
You're a part of this family that produces such great results.
You'll soon pay for stabbing me in the back.
You'll get hurt before then.
You'll be stabbed...
by the blade you created.
I'll only take half the advice.
Thank you, Director. We'll repay this honor with a bigger scoop.
Okay, I'll look forward to it.
And to tell you a bit about our next story,
we plan to investigate a place called the Faith Center.
Faith Center?
Yes, it was the last place Chul Ho was investigating before he died.
We're going to continue his work.
And the story Chul Ho couldn't tell,
we're going to reveal it to the world...
in Splash Team's name.
Lee Suk Min got a scoop on Nam Kang Myung being alive.
So when you get the article, print it first page in Social Team's name.
Take out the Splash Team's name.
Make them mute for the rest of their lives.
I'm going to show them how hard it'll be to endure this.
What do you guys think?
I doubt he'll just let us publish the scoop...
without doing anything.
What can he do?
You don't think...
He can stop the Splash Team's article from getting published.
He can't risk his fate like that.
Start hacking the system, and don't leave a trace.
The serial code...
is 4, 19, 6, E, 9, A.
Hacking?
What's he scheming now?
(Chief Prosecutor Im Ji Tae)
It's been too long since he talked about searching Nam Kang Myung.
(Collection)
She's Seo Hae Young, the victim of Park Eung Mo's case.
She didn't die...
in August 2000 when the statute of limitations had expired.
She was still alive in 2001.
So who are you trying to attack with this?
The NISI employee who fabricated her time of death,
and the person who pulled the strings from behind.
(Statement)
I'd like the ultimate target of this investigation...
to be Lawyer Cho Young Ki of Noah.
Mr. Cho.
What's this?
Our Chief would like to see you.
(Arrest Warrant)
My gosh, you're handsome.
Let's go.
Nam Kang Myung's story is on the front-page headlines.
But it's not our article.
It was published in Sang Hoon's name.
There's no mention of the Splash Team in the whole newspaper.
They want to make us mute while we're alive.
Do you guys...
know which page Hae Dong never sees...
when reviewing the final draft?
There's no such page...
- No way.
- That's what I thought too.
I didn't think it'd end like this.
Regardless, we have to publish the article.
But if this is how far he'll go,
it means the person who tried to stop the Faith Center article...
was Director Gu Tae Won.
Then...
It's what we know.
It's time to call Mu Young.
So Seo Hae Young...
was the whistleblower in the Faith Center?
Yes.
But I can't figure out what happened in that center.
Ultimately, this all began at the Faith Center.
Chul Ho, you,
and all of this.
What are you talking about?
Why do you think you and Park Eung Mo were tied together?
There is no why.
I just followed Chul Ho's articles.
Then why did you meet Yoon Seon Woo?
I just followed Chul Ho's articles for that too.
Why did you meet Nam Kang Myung?
That was also...
because I was following Chul Ho's articles.
It's not a coincidence that we're here.
Chul Ho led you here.
You followed the exact...
footsteps he left behind.
And if there's one more article that you haven't seen...
When he started investigating the Faith Center,
the first thing he looked into...
was Daehan Newspaper.
Chul Ho,
or someone who ordered Chul Ho to write false articles...
wrote something on the Faith Center, then that in itself...
would become a clue.
But he couldn't find anything.
Instead,
he found this article...
in the Seoul Post.
("7-year-old Boy from Faith Center Dies in Car Accident")
Faith Center?
But this...
is just an article about a car accident.
What if...
he didn't die from a car accident?
And what if there was a Daehan Newspaper reporter...
who covered that up?
In 2001,
reporters in both Daehan Newspaper and the Seoul Post...
started to have doubts about this death.
He definitely died from a car accident,
but there were contusions all over the boy's body.
But one side covered it up.
They were pressured by a certain foundation.
Foundation?
The reporter who buried that article...
received help...
from that foundation 10 years later...
when his wife needed a heart transplant.
The surgery was completely off the books,
leaving zero trace in insurance and hospital records.
That's ridiculous.
The director of the foundation...
that provided that help...
is the father of Noah's Cho Young Ki.
Do you know what the father...
of Noah's Cho Young Ki did?
(Sahae Foundation Meeting Log)
When Nam Kang Myung supported the Faith Center,
the money came from a place called the Sahae Foundation.
Sahae Foundation?
But the head of that foundation...
is the father of Noah's Cho Young Ki.
He worked under the Vice Minister of the CIA,
and became the Assistant Minister for the National Security Agency.
Faith Center...
Wasn't it a place for homeless children?
Why are such big wheel figures involved with this place?
The Assistant Minister of the National Security Agency...
provided funds for the Faith Center?
He used Nam Kang Myung as his agent...
to completely hide himself?
Yes.
And...
a couple days before Chul Ho died,
he was tracking all the articles...
that I just told you about.
Chul Ho...
There are also traces of him...
visiting that volunteer group you went to.
Chul Ho visited that place?
Yes, I remember.
Wait a second. When was it?
Anyways, a Daehan Newspaper reporter did come.
He wanted to see photos of the Faith Center event.
(Boram Lunchbox - Volunteer Work for Faith Center in 2001)
(With Boram Lunchbox)
Sung Shik, look here.
Isn't this Director Gu?
He found out that the car accident was a cover-up for the murder...
of the boy with the bruises.
And he took down the article when the Sahae Foundation pressured him.
He received their help for his wife's heart transplant.
Only one person had private meetings with the son of Sahae Foundation,
Cho Young Ki.
It's Director Gu Tae Won of Daehan Newspaper.
There was a wreath...
at Chul Ho's funeral...
in his name.
You already knew it was him.
But why didn't you tell me?
Because I had to make sure it wasn't just suspicion.
All the evidence...
had to point towards him.
I'm so sick of reporters.
I'm sorry...
- that it took so long.
- Yes.
You have to be sorry to me.
You stood in front of the man who killed my brother for five years,
but you didn't do anything.
Meanwhile, my life was ruined.
Memories of my brother were shattered.
And the Chul Ho I knew...
the Chul Ho I miss...
is now nowhere to be found.
No.
Chul Ho is in the last article...
that you have yet to see.
Chul Ho figured out...
that the articles he falsified was all for the Faith Center's sake.
I'm sure he wanted to atone.
So he tracked them down until the very end.
And that's why he was murdered.
You need to finish the article...
your brother was chasing after.
It's still not too late.
(Daehan Newspaper)
("Nam Kang Myung Was Definitely Alive")
Chief.
Where are you hurrying off to this early in the morning?
Hey!
What are you doing?
Move over now!
No, we won't move.
We can't move.
("Nam Kang Myung Was Definitely Alive There at That Moment")
(Director Gu Tae Won)
(Full page advertisement)
No.
Nam Kang Myung, the culprit behind a fraud case...
that's produced 10 billion dollars in losses and hundreds of victims,
died from a heart attack...
at a highway in Incheon...
at 10:40pm on the 21st.
Aeguk Newspaper has released a video of Nam Kang Myung...
when he was alive on their website.
They've proven that one of their reporters, Han Mu Young, was right.
Meanwhile, Daehan Newspaper's Splash Team...
has stirred up an unprecedented controversy.
This morning, the Splash Team...
used Daehan Newspaper's full page advertisement page...
Hey!
Why? Why isn't he coming up?
Tell the person in charge of advertisements to come up right now.
(Aeguk Newspaper, "Rumors of Nam Kang Myung Are True")
("Nam Kang Myung Was Definitely Alive There at That Moment")
(Daehan Newspaper)
(Daehan Newspaper Reporter Lee Suk Min)
(Do not go to Port Gung Pyung. Get out of that trap...)
(I'll keep the promise Min Young Ho couldn't five years ago.)
(It's time for me to keep my promise.)
(Daehan Newspaper tried to keep Splash Team quiet.)
(What is the truth that's buried at the Faith Center?)
(Full page advertisement)
(Daehan Newspaper tried to keep Splash Team quiet, but we won't.)
(We ask Director Gu Tae Won.)
(What is the truth that's buried at the Faith Center?)
You took out your security deposit to pay for this?
Suk Min,
have you finally gone insane?
What's insane are the rent prices in Seoul.
(Blocked Caller ID)
Hello?
Aeguk Newspaper caught Nam Kang Myung.
And now the Splash Team's after the Faith Center?
I thought the only thing reporters knew how to do was lose.
Pretty good.
When the media shows us trust,
we repay with reports.
I...
will keep the promise that Min Young Ho couldn't...
five years ago.
(Special appearance by Lee Won Jong)
(Falsify)
I'm Han Chul Ho.
The story I am about to tell is about the national crime...
that Daehan Newspaper has covered up.
He knew he was going to die.
Crazy idiot.
Please get to the bottom of this case.
Please, I beg you.